Normalization Based Mobile Application for Student Performance Analysis
A project report submitted in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the
degree of Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering
Submitted by: Priya Shah
Under the guidance of: Prof. Pooja Desai
Department of Electrical Engineering, Riverside University, 2025

Abstract
This project presents the design and implementation of a mobile application that
applies normalization and primary key to analyse large volumes of data
efficiently. The system was developed using Java and MySQL and tested on data
collected from user surveys. Experimental results show that the system performs
faster and more accurately compared with the existing approach. The report
discusses the methodology, implementation, results and limitations of the work.

1. Introduction
In recent years Database Management Systems has become an important part of modern
engineering. Manual processes are slow, error prone and difficult to scale. This
project aims to address these issues by using normalization.

2. Literature Survey
Several researchers have investigated normalization in the context of Database
Management Systems. Earlier work proposed a method based on primary key which
improved results on benchmark data. However, most existing work does not address
scalability and usability.

3. Methodology
The methodology follows requirement analysis, design, implementation and testing.
The input data is first cleaned and prepared. Then normalization is applied to
extract the required information. Finally primary key is used to produce the
output which is displayed to the user.

4. Implementation
The system is implemented using Java and MySQL. The main modules are the input
module, the processing module and the output module. The normalization component
was implemented as a separate class so that it can be tested independently.
Screenshots of the user interface are given in Figure 9.

5. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
The system was tested on 66 sample inputs and produced correct output in most
cases. The results are summarised in Table 9. The proposed approach performs
better than the baseline. Some errors occurred when the input data was incomplete.

6. CONCLUSION
The project successfully met its objectives. The system demonstrates that
normalization can be applied effectively to this problem. The work also
highlighted the importance of careful testing.

References
[1] A. Kumar, Database Management Systems: Principles and Practice, Tech Press,
2019.
[2] R. Singh and P. Rao, "A study of normalization", International Journal of
Engineering Research, 2021.
[3] Official documentation of Java and MySQL.
