Thread Based Decision Support System for Online Examination
A project report submitted in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering
Submitted by: Vikram Sharma
Under the guidance of: Prof. Imran Reddy
Department of Electrical Engineering, Riverside University, 2026

Abstract
This project presents the design and implementation of a decision support system that applies thread and file system to automate routine tasks. The system was developed using Java and MySQL and tested on data collected from user surveys. Experimental results show that the system performs with acceptable accuracy compared with the existing approach. The report discusses the methodology, implementation, results and limitations of the work.

1. PROBLEM STATEMENT
The existing system relies on manual effort and does not use thread. As a result, users face delays and inconsistent results. There is a need for a reliable system that applies file system effectively.

2. Literature Survey
Several researchers have investigated thread in the context of Operating Systems. Earlier work proposed a method based on file system which improved results on benchmark data. However, most existing work does not address scalability and usability.

3. Methodology
The methodology follows requirement analysis, design, implementation and testing. The input data is first cleaned and prepared. Then thread is applied to extract the required information. Finally file system is used to produce the output which is displayed to the user.

4. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
The system was tested on 284 sample inputs and produced correct output in most cases. The results are summarised in Table 9. The proposed approach performs better than the baseline. Some errors occurred when the input data was incomplete.

5. Future Scope
In future the system can be extended with more data and additional features. A mobile version and cloud deployment can be developed. Integration of file system may further improve accuracy.

6. Conclusion
The project successfully met its objectives. The system demonstrates that thread can be applied effectively to this problem. The work also highlighted the importance of careful testing.

References
[1] A. Kumar, Operating Systems: Principles and Practice, Tech Press, 2019.
[2] R. Singh and P. Rao, "A study of thread", International Journal of Engineering Research, 2021.
[3] Official documentation of Java and MySQL.
