Entropy Based Monitoring System for Traffic Analysis
A project report submitted in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
Submitted by: Anita Iyer
Under the guidance of: Prof. Rohan Khan
Department of Mechanical Engineering, Riverside University, 2024

Abstract
This project presents the design and implementation of a monitoring system that applies
entropy and enthalpy to analyse large volumes of data efficiently. The system was developed
using Android Studio and Firebase and tested on data collected from user surveys.
Experimental results show that the system performs with acceptable accuracy compared with
the existing approach. The report discusses the methodology, implementation, results and
limitations of the work.

1. OBJECTIVES
- To study existing approaches based on entropy.
- To design a system architecture that integrates enthalpy.
- To implement and test the proposed system.
- To evaluate performance and document the results.

2. Methodology
The methodology follows requirement analysis, design, implementation and testing. The input
data is first cleaned and prepared. Then entropy is applied to extract the required
information. Finally enthalpy is used to produce the output which is displayed to the user.

3. Implementation
The system is implemented using Android Studio and Firebase. The main modules are the input
module, the processing module and the output module. The entropy component was implemented
as a separate class so that it can be tested independently. Screenshots of the user
interface are given in Figure 6.

4. Results and Discussion
The system was tested on 192 sample inputs and produced correct output in most cases. The
results are summarised in Table 6. The proposed approach performs better than the baseline.
Some errors occurred when the input data was incomplete.

5. Conclusion
The project successfully met its objectives. The system demonstrates that entropy can be
applied effectively to this problem. The work also highlighted the importance of careful
testing.
